---
layout: informativepost
title: "Recommendation Studio for Content Creators"
date: 2021-01-04 10:28:13 +0600
tags: technology tutorial DIY
categories: [studio]
author: "Tracking Exposed"
post_image: "/assets/images/art/studio.jpg"
post_format: "general"
trending: true
---

A browser extension is a small software module for customizing a web browser. Browsers typically allow a variety of extensions, including user interface modifications, cookie management, ad blocking, and the custom scripting and styling of web pages. 

That's why we decided to use this kind of technology to customize your YouTube appearence directly while you are youtubing. This is the technology that allows you to choose to see what youtubers recommend you, confront it with what the Youtube's algorithm recommend, or hide all the ~~distractions~~ recommendations. All you have to do is download it from your browser's store. 
 
###### At the moment we are available on [Firefox][addon-mozilla] or [Chrome][extension-chrome].

Adding it to your Firefox or Chrome browser will enhance your experience on Youtube and make you experiment an alternative way of looking at recommender systems. We believe in a different future, where algorithms can be shared, compared, improved and criticized. The algorithm is power; it can be a harmful cage or a helpful filter. Only autonomous and informed individuals can decide what is most appropriate for them at a given time.

Remember to consider to [donate][donate] what Youtube's algorithm would like to show you.
If you also own a Youtube Channel and you want to recommend content on your own videos, check the [Recommendation Studio][studio] on our website. 

[donate]: /data_donation
[studio]: /studio
[addon-mozilla]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/youchoose-ai/
[extension-chrome]: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/youchooseai/lgmednoogihobpaccmabclghbmjiidkh